The Party

The night of the party, we had about 10 couples over, remember? There was a hell of a storm that night, and we ended up losing power. All you women were so scared, it was pretty funny.

Anyway, since it was so dark, we all fumbled about in the dark trying to find our respective significant others. THAT was a mess! It was decided that everyone would stay over at our house since it was really unsafe to be outside. There were people in our living room, in the den, in the two spare bedrooms and then us in ours. Or, WERE we in ours?

You told me the next day that you had thought that I went into our room already, but I had had too much to drink and passed out in the bathtub. You got very red in the face and told me you had to tell me something, and that you hoped that I wouldn't be angry...

You were getting undressed to get into bed when you felt someone press behind you and reach around to grab your tits. You thought it was me, except that I felt like I was a little shorter. You thought nothing of it as your neck was being kissed, your breasts fondled and felt a hard cock pressing into you from behind. You turned around and started kissing the mouth that was presented to you, and then you found yourself being pushed to the floor. You reached out to undo where you thought there would be pants and found a bare cock hard and waiting. Immediately, you started sucking this cock and loving feeling the hands pinching and twisting your nipples. After a few minutes, you were laid down on the floor and suddenly felt a tongue in between your legs. This tongue loved licking and flicking your clit and would sometimes wander inside of you. You felt so warm and wet, and just wanted to keep this tongue going and going until you cum!

After you came twice, you could feel him shift and then he was on top of you sliding his cock up and down between your pussy lips. The head would slip in a little, slip out, then move up. Slide down, slip in a little, slip out and then down. Finally, you felt the whole thing go inside of you. You could feel balls against you, it was so deep. You bucked your hips against his, and let this cock fuck you and fuck you. In deep, you'd grind against his pelvis, and then he'd slide back out. After a few minutes, you could feel him push deep, deep, deep inside of you and then his cock started to twitch. You knew he was about to cum, so you grabbed his cock as hard as you could with your pussy and practically sucked the cum out of his balls. It was so warm and wet mixed with your own juices.

After you two finished, you went and lay down on the bed. As you were just dozing off, you felt a hand in between your legs and fingers searching for your pussy. You were thinking wow, again so soon? You laid there with your back to him and let the hand fondle around until 1 then 2 fingers were inside of you. They slowly stroked in and out of you, and then stopped. Damn, why did it stop?? That's when you realized that there was a cock trying to find it's way inside of you. As it plunged inside of your warm hole, you thought that somehow it felt bigger than before. But, you didn't care, you just wanted to cum again.

Sadly, just as you were getting into it, you felt him pull out and then the warm splashes on your back as you knew that he had cum already. FUCK! You were a little upset, even though you had already cum at least three times already. But, needing a drink was on your mind, so you decided to feel your way to the kitchen.

You got a glass and got water from the sink. As you stood there drinking it, you felt a small hand on your back. Kind of felt feminine. You get turned around and find someone already on their knees in front of you. Ah, one of the other women! She goes down on you and eats you out like you have never had before. She thoroughly licks you from top to bottom, licking and sucking out the cum that was left inside of you earlier. Sucking and nibbling on your clit, you grab her head and start to grind into her face as hard as you can. She buries her tongue deeply in your soaking wet pussy and you can hear her slurping your wet pussy. She grabs your ass to pull you in closer to her face so she can drink deeply as you cum and cum on her face.

Your legs are shaking so badly that you can hardly walk. You try to make it to the bedroom but are greeted with another body. A hard body. A body that knows what it wants and is going to take it. You get grabbed and spun around quickly. You feel a rough hand at your waist and another on the back of your shoulders forcing you to bend over. Still weak from having already cum so much, you simply do as directed. A fairly good sized cock is thrust inside of you as you're bent over. You know you're not going to cum this time. This cock wants to cum and doesn't care about you! He repeatedly thrusts in and out of you as hard as he can, grabbing your hair to pull you back harder towards him. He pulls out, and with a loud groan he cums on your ass. You get a loud smack on the ass, and hear him walk away. Hmph, now you're all worked up again.

And, now, you tell me, is where I come in. You're still horny from that last one and now you need to cum again. Ok, let's go up to the room. No, you tell me, and grab my hand to lead me to the living room. You want me to fuck you in the middle of our still sleeping guests. You get on your knees and start sucking my cock. Our guests hear the noise going on, wake up, and suddenly you feel many hands all over your body. You can't guess how many or who they might be, but you love the sensation of so many hands touching, stroking, and rubbing your skin while you suck me.